README.md updates (#34)
transferwise/icons: README.md

will result in

```html

> <span class="tw-icon tw-icon-bank" aria-hidden="true" role="presentation">

Reviewer: 🎆

<tw-balance-icon size="16" filled="$ctrl.isFilled"></tw-balance-icon>
```

### Necessary CSS

> Also, import CSS bundle which improves `svg` elements alignment and brings a11y CSS classes:

Reviewer: I would rephrase this:

```suggestion
To display the icons properly, you need to import CSS styles in your app. This file only makes sure that `SVG`s are rendered as block elements and handles **a11y** features.```
```

```css
@import "~@transferwise/icons/lib/styles/main.min.css";
```

or just import it from JS depending on your build system:

```js
import '@transferwise/icons/lib/styles/main.min.css';
```

# Styling

> Each component has `.tw-icon` CSS class and specific one `.tw-icon-${icon-name}` (e.g `.tw-icon-card-transferwise`). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each component has a general `.tw-icon` CSS class and a specific one that includes the icon's name in kebab-case, e.g `.tw-icon-card-transferwise`
```

<BankIcon size={24} filled className="m-t-2" />
```

# Accessibility

### React Components

> Each React icon component has optional `title` property in case you want to add more meaning to the icon, the text will be read by Screen Reader.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each React icon component has an optional `title` property in case your icon has a semantic meaning, use this property, so it will be visible for Screen Readers.
```

```jsx

> <ActivityIcon title="TW card transcation" />

Reviewer: add the sie prop for the example, just to make sure it's valid

```

> By default icon will be removed from accessibility tree.

Reviewer: is it true? I'm not sure. Are you referring to `aria-hidden="true" and role="presentation"`? If so, maybe calrify and add a link to one of those a11y websites?
